8385409: Javap documentation says by default protected and public members are printed but package private members are also printed by default (`-package` behavior, not `-protected`) (#31321)
openjdk/jdk: src/jdk.jdeps/share/man/javap.md

The `javap` command disassembles one or more class files. The output depends on
the options used. When no options are used, the `javap` command prints the

> package private, protected and public fields, and methods of the classes passed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package private, protected, and public fields and methods declared in the classes passed
```

Preexisting grammatical error. Also "declared in" is more accurate because javap doesn't care about inheritance.
